hey guys end up here and today we're
looking over some of the things that we
planted out here at the property what
are these raspberry that's right these
are raspberries that we brought over
from the other house when we put this in
we wanted something to grow up it to
kind of hide this thing and you can see
a little bit of growth on the old plants
and you can see down here some you shoot
starting there's some there and you can
see some new growth right there over
here let's see let's start over at this
one yeah this is a black currant we got
at the nursery and I don't think I'm
gonna like this one that much everything
I've seen online says this is just
foliage or a shrub this is black currant
yeah crandall but seems to have a lot of
leaves on it so this is only like six
bucks okay here strawberries right these
are some strawberries that we mulched
over that we brought over from the other
property what's this one it's an outline
courage yeah this is alpine current up
that little thing broke off I'll just
stick you on here somewhere close and
that one was only like six bucks chill
yeah when we got here a red car rolling
red cherry yeah and here's one of the
things that it's kind of weird and all
of the current
there's mint growing at the bottom of
them I thought that was weird you can
see it in all three of the currents that
we bought what's this hey Barry this is
blueberries yes strawberries now here's
some strawberries we bought three
strawberry I guess plants you had to dig
him out of the thing at the nursery for
89 cents each and they were kind of dead
kids you got frost and stuff on them
before wall with the last frost but look
at that they're really starting to pop
now this isn't our blueberry this is
another blueberries and then what else
do we miss something yeah we got them in
no we missed a strawberry somewhere
don't we no one to I guess we didn't and
then over here we had some of those pots
right there that you can still see some
stuff left over from when we brought
stuff over and those were all
raspberries and whatnot but I noticed
that where did I put them others with
chips I noticed that there was new
growth on the raspberry planet but here
it looks like maybe the chickens got to
it yeah well we're gonna see if this
thing here takes off or not
Oh what else did we plan baby yeah we
got this head bell and all the critters
and why not you have one more okay what
do we got Oh or portable a potato a
Christmas tree and maybe I'll plant that
and see if we can get it to go oh we got
a fruit tree let's go over there over
here we have all of the raspberries that
have been growing here for the last few
years I'll spring into life then in the
60 70 is pretty much last week and a
half two weeks and everything's coming
to life now it's a lot of raspberries
goes from there all the way down all the
way down to the very end down there a
lot of raspberries critters
so r in the orchard I guess we're all
the fruit trees are and i thought this
here would be a good spot to plant a
tree and i got the whole pretty much dug
and i noticed that there was a water
pipe PVC pipe for the sprinkler system
and stuff and I said that was not a good
spot for the tree so he put it right
over oh this is a you see that Asian
pear life really wanted one of those so
we have now an Asian pear and we're
gonna see if we can't get this thing to
row you need to put some wood chips
around myself over by the house we have
some couple things starting we have some
beans what else we got in here baby girl
what's in there right here we got
tomatoes and I here we have carrots
inspector and right here we have
broccoli what's that over there right
here we have cauliflower this is um I
think yeah it looks like we have a
couple things starting cups over there
and that is oops let's focus here I know
what that is Oh looks like peppers
peppers so chill hours well some stuff
starting here too so we're going to plan
all this stuff soon in the garden area
which we spread up a little bit more of
the wood chips but it's only rained a
couple times so that really breaking
down yeah I'm gonna have to get the hose
over here and just give them a good
soaking
and we'll start breaking down a little
bit quicker so that's all I have for
this video as always don't forget to
come rate subscribe check us out on the
web site and will see you guys on
excellent